ROX#29130: External IPs GA JV (#94781)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/visualizing-external-entities-known-limitations.adoc

Reviewer: This says this module is included in the assembly:

// * operating/visualizing-external-entities.adoc

but I don't see an include for it there?

The xref would be put into that assembly, after the module is called, with an `.Additional resources` section, and as a bullet point:

* xref:../operating/using-collector-runtime-configuration.adoc#using-collector-runtime-configuration[Using collector runtime configuration]

See:

https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#additional-resources-sections

see circled screenshot
![Screenshot 2025-06-13 at 1 56 55 PM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/37882379-96b9-4be4-b176-fb6868afea8c)

Author: I have made the change. There is a problem. Instead of getting two bullet points, there is now one bullet point and then a paragraph that include "*".

I also wanted to check if "Using collector runtime configuration" in the bullet point should be plain text or a link.

[role="_abstract"]
The following are some known limitations of the Visualizing external entities feature:

> * When you enable external IP collection for a cluster, Collector in those clusters report more information to Sensor and to Central. This might create scalability issues if the workload in the cluster communicates with a large number of distinct external peers. It is recommended that you do not enable this feature on clusters with communication patterns involving more than 10,000 distinct external entities. However, if the pattern is mostly ingres or egress, then enabling external IPs only xref:../operating/using-collector-runtime-configuration.adoc#using-collector-runtime-configuration[in the opposite direction] makes it possible to overcome the scaling issue. In a test in which 20 flows involving external entities were created per second, Central memory growth was 450 MB per day. This memory persisted even when associated deployments were deleted. Disabling external IPs at the Collector level stops the growth of memory usage in Central due to external IPs. Disabling external IPs at the Central level by setting `ROX_EXTERNAL_IPS` to false and setting `ROX_EXTERNAL_IPS_PRUNING` to true clears out almost all memory used by external IPs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When you enable external IP collection for a cluster, Collector in those clusters report more information to Sensor and to Central. This might create scalability issues if the workload in the cluster communicates with a large number of distinct external peers. It is recommended that you do not enable this feature on clusters with communication patterns involving more than 10,000 distinct external entities. However, if the pattern is mostly ingres or egress, then enabling external IPs only in the opposite direction makes it possible to overcome the scaling issue. For more information, see "Using collector runtime configuration".

In a test in which 20 flows involving external entities were created per second, Central memory growth was 450 MB per day. This memory persisted even when associated deployments were deleted. Disabling external IPs at the Collector level stops the growth of memory usage in Central due to external IPs. Disabling external IPs at the Central level by setting `ROX_EXTERNAL_IPS` to false and setting `ROX_EXTERNAL_IPS_PRUNING` to true clears out almost all memory used by external IPs.
```
